Gwenevere Abriel: Are you here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay wow took us a while to get together, didn't it
Lyndsey Lorett: I know, but I ordered a phone holder.
Lyndsey Lorett: So we can, it'll be better.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep, yep, yep. And yeah okay but see what we got here are your
Gwenevere Abriel: Recognition. So let's see. Let me get a little note open
Gwenevere Abriel: A treat your nicely in that net mercial clinic.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah, all, all of them are really nice, except one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me know, let me be nice. I'LL BEHAVE
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's like you guys. You can either write little emails you can send little messages.
Lyndsey Lorett: Oh no, I would not do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know you wouldn't, but you can
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: At some point, right. Somebody doesn't say something
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't see anything. I only hear from you guys.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, let me get this and see
Gwenevere Abriel: Which got me in there. WHAT YOU GOT HERE IT IS SE y
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I am guessing.
Gwenevere Abriel: That things are pretty much same over there that healthier some
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, that was predictable. But you, you get to be different.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes. And I love that and between group on Tuesday and just our sessions. It just, it's a constant reminder effort change effort change effort change.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: growth mindset and so
Gwenevere Abriel: Sounds very simple but it's hard to accomplish sometimes
Lyndsey Lorett: Oh, for sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: So where are you noticing, it's been difficult on most recently.
Gwenevere Abriel: To kind of
Lyndsey Lorett: In what area.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm wide open. We can go wherever you want to. Whatever you want to do.
Lyndsey Lorett: So I have a daughter.
Lyndsey Lorett: I know we haven't talked about her yet.
Lyndsey Lorett: When my when when Clint passed away.
Lyndsey Lorett: We were all living together, she was with me. She's I've been her mom for 10 years. Yeah, but my parents didn't like Clint. Very much so. There was a lot of
Lyndsey Lorett: I don't know uneasiness about her living with us.
Lyndsey Lorett: Um, because they didn't know him very well and they wouldn't take the time to get to know him.
Lyndsey Lorett: But when Clint passed away. It was the middle school year and I knew I was coming to gallop. And I didn't want to post Sophie out of school and put her at a new school. And so she is with my parents in Farmington
Lyndsey Lorett: And I go back and forth as much as possible.
Lyndsey Lorett: Obviously, they will let Sophie come up here. They don't like Tom and Lori.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not obvious to me. Tell me why.
Lyndsey Lorett: I'm they don't like Tom and Maury because
Lyndsey Lorett: I'm
Lyndsey Lorett: Man.
Lyndsey Lorett: I'm not even sure I could say there was a specific reason.
Okay.
Lyndsey Lorett: To be honest,
Lyndsey Lorett: I just know that's a boundary. They've set it. They don't want her and Gallop and they don't want me taking all over to Farmington
Lyndsey Lorett: To see my daughter.
Lyndsey Lorett: So it's very complicated.
Lyndsey Lorett: so complicated.
Lyndsey Lorett: But during the lockdown. My daughter, she's been snacking a lot. Okay. And normally, she she loves her fruits and veggies. Okay. She is a fruit girl.
Lyndsey Lorett: She snacking cuz she's bored and my mom made a comment to her that she was getting a little bit of a belly and that really hurt her feelings and it made me upset because you don't tell a 10 year old. She's getting a belly. You just don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Know you're right and
Lyndsey Lorett: I expressed how I felt about it. And my mom says, well, if you don't, if we don't tell her she's not going to know and I said, Exactly. Let her figure out to her body on our own.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Lyndsey Lorett: It's just frustrating to have Sophie, call me and say mean he said I was fat.
Lyndsey Lorett: It's just like so breaks my heart and I know that if she was with me. She would never hurt.
Gwenevere Abriel: So how much now I'm entering these pretty blind. I don't know these relationships.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Too much about
Gwenevere Abriel: Assertiveness and things like that. But I do have a little clue because we were talking about can I speak my mind with even a virtual clinic staff care navigator, and it was like, that's not going to happen. And this is someone with
Gwenevere Abriel: There's no love lost. There's no love on the line with whoever this is. And yet, I wouldn't dare
Lyndsey Lorett: I feel like to actually go through with it. There's probably got to be something pretty important. And since I knew just because she's snarky with me doesn't mean she has done something enough to make
Lyndsey Lorett: A comment. However, if that point came I would consider doing it.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I don't know much about how much room there is between you and what do you call you call your mom Mimi, or that's just like a grandma name for Sophie.
Lyndsey Lorett: That's what Sophie calls her Mimi, and papa. My mom and dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you spoke with your mom and you said something like, you can't say that or
Lyndsey Lorett: I don't have a problem, expressing myself with my parents.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, great.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's all I needed so fantastic. So then let's
Gwenevere Abriel: Look great so she said to you, she asked your question. Well, then how is she supposed to know you said she's not supposed to know we don't say those kinds of things. We don't body shame, right. That's right.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you tell your mom what she can do
Lyndsey Lorett: I said if you put negative and negative criticizing comments in her mind. She will turn around and do the same thing to herself.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what not to do. I've heard what not to do again.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes. So I asked her to I'm
Lyndsey Lorett: Not encouraged, but like affirmations about things she's doing during the day, like, Oh, you went to ride your bike that's really great more physical activities.
Lyndsey Lorett: Okay do and to encourage it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we've got activities. That's the exercise. That's the movement.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what is your belief. Let's see what yours is around what food is. What's your relationship with food.
Lyndsey Lorett: Um, well, it's changed in the last year and a half.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah
Lyndsey Lorett: I love eating. Obviously, I'm a bigger girl, um,
Lyndsey Lorett: But I've lost over 100 pounds this last year and eating sucks.
Lyndsey Lorett: It just sucks. And so I couldn't say that I have a good or a bad relationship with food right now it's I not overeating. I may under eat sometimes because of the pain but
Lyndsey Lorett: I know
Lyndsey Lorett: I know that fruits and vegetables like there's so much there that can bring health to your body.
Lyndsey Lorett: And Sophie knows that. And when we were living together, we would make our juices every morning before school
Lyndsey Lorett: And my mom doesn't. I even got her a juicer.
Lyndsey Lorett: I got her a jack LaLanne juicer and I'm sure they'll do every once in a while, but
Gwenevere Abriel: physical activities. You said let's reinforce them. And did your mom. Stay talking with you after you said that
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, she was still listening. She still wanted to hear what you have to say.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, that's a good sign.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then what was said.
Lyndsey Lorett: She, she was talking about going and visiting her dad. My grandpa in Arizona.
Lyndsey Lorett: I didn't agree with it. I told her I didn't agree with it, but
Lyndsey Lorett: She's an adult.
Gwenevere Abriel: The topic of food was dropped and you moved on to travel.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you mentioned something else. He said so much would bring health to our bodies.
Lyndsey Lorett: Something don't like
Lyndsey Lorett: Fruits and veggies would bring health to our bodies.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, did that part get said to mom.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes, she knows how I feel about it, but I also reiterated it and I said if if because they give her money for groceries. If you buy it. She's gonna eat it.
Lyndsey Lorett: Just give me, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Like
Lyndsey Lorett: celery and carrots, put it in a water, put it, put it in a bag. You know, just snacks that she can grab that are easy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, make them easy kids want easy. They don't want to wash it clean it, fix it. Okay, and what about sometimes maybe wasn't you. I haven't heard it, he said, I used to love to eat. Now, it sucks. And I was hearing it actually causes pain through the digestive system and because it was
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's not as simple. I love it used to be. I love it. Was there ever a time that you ate your feelings. In other words, eight
Gwenevere Abriel: Emotion. Yeah.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you think you ever did it when you were little, like, about Sophie sage.
Lyndsey Lorett: No, I don't think so. I don't think so. Until I was working and could buy my own fast food or by what I wanted to eat, so
Gwenevere Abriel: What about when you were bored.
Lyndsey Lorett: What I eat when I was bored.
Oh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a pretty common one for people
Lyndsey Lorett: To eat when they're bored.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ah, it's
Lyndsey Lorett: popsicles. And just, you know, little kid, things that we would eat nothing major.
Gwenevere Abriel: But the point is, is that it could be. It's not about health. It's not about even being in distress. It's may just be as simple as board.
Gwenevere Abriel: Could be something simple.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me ask you again, this isn't a value system. This is a tender place. This is how I raise my child. You know, I mean this is important stuff here. So I'm walking, nice and slow.
Lyndsey Lorett: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: See, see if there's any you know
Gwenevere Abriel: hot zones.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it in your
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of mindset to say that emotional intelligence physical wellness, they kind of go hand in hand. And that's part of what you're educating your daughter around knowing her own emotions, knowing her own hunger knowing her own self.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So where does emotional intelligence come in when we're starting to talk about boredom and food. Where does that start to come into play. I wonder what
Lyndsey Lorett: The issue is that I struggle with my own emotional intelligence. And so I'm
Lyndsey Lorett: Trying treading softly with her, as I learned because my mother didn't teach me these things.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you sure
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, pretty, pretty darn emotionally intelligent to me. What makes you think you're not telling. Tell me why you think that
Lyndsey Lorett: Because I'm a basket case some
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, maybe I'll see. I don't know yet because so far, I haven't seen you be a basket case.
Lyndsey Lorett: When I was thinking I was going crazy. I wasn't a basket case.
Gwenevere Abriel: Lindsay
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Anyone
Gwenevere Abriel: Who was trying to make sense of their craziness.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you felt you aren't basket case, you were you remained emotionally intelligent just couldn't see or imagined even remember what you were doing. I can't imagine someone being so mean.
Gwenevere Abriel: You weren't a basket case you would try to apply logic to to a system that they're not using logic and I don't consider this lack of emotional intelligence. I just don't
Lyndsey Lorett: Okay, what about this when I am dealing with emotional intelligence. I'm good at recognizing and knowing what's going on. But I don't know the healthy questions to ask like you do to figure out the situation.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, what is emotional intelligence is
Gwenevere Abriel: Learning some words to name.
Gwenevere Abriel: Our experience.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, for example, sometimes people don't even know their board.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like, I don't even know where she's at or Sophie's out with that.
That
Gwenevere Abriel: How does she know the difference between I'm lonely versus
Lyndsey Lorett: Lonely shes lonely. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh. So it could be will back away from what you're, you know, emotional intelligence. I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: But let's just go over to it sounds like it's something that interests you. It does sound like it's a value system you assess yourself as somehow
Gwenevere Abriel: Lower on a scale somehow I'm not sure how you, how you do that you called yourself a basket case. But if you say yep it's important, and maybe part of the conversation with me. Me, you and me, you and your mom is
Gwenevere Abriel: This is a learning opportunity.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mom, I struggle with this too.
Gwenevere Abriel: But this might be a time to name how she's feeling so that it doesn't go. Another year, another 10 years is this mystery and why am I eating them. I'm. Why am I doing this unconsciously eating.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's catch it early, you know, it may be. It could be, you know, disclosure on your part, like I'm learning this myself and I don't really have it all figured out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yet, I'm labeling it first. I'm feeling how I'm feeling. Wait a minute. I'm not hungry. But I'm walking to the fridge. Why am I doing this. I don't have anything else to do. I'm bored. Okay. Well, that's not what food is really for
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, it can be sometimes we eat a cake and we ice cream and there's a really special treat is amazing. And if it wins. A lot of the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: But we can never get enough
Gwenevere Abriel: Of what we don't need
Lyndsey Lorett: Oh, oh, I want to write that down.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a writer downer one. That's why I said
Gwenevere Abriel: That's usually a mantra for people when they're, it's a drinking or if it's a smoking or if it's something, it gives enough time to take pause and check and say,
Gwenevere Abriel: No amount of popsicles is going to fill. I'm lonely. It just won't
Gwenevere Abriel: Hmm, so
Lyndsey Lorett: Can you say it again.
Lyndsey Lorett: I'm going to write it down.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can never get enough of what I don't need
Gwenevere Abriel: And we can never get enough. What we don't need you can never get enough of what you don't need
Gwenevere Abriel: And that goes with alcohol, drugs, gambling sex talk chips goes with everything. If it's not what you needed
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, using that as the solution, right, I mean yeah wish it was that easy, but that isn't what you need. I keep reaching for the salty thing would really
Gwenevere Abriel: I just took a second I'm just thirsty. I need some water and keep putting. Okay, so I just need to take a minute and say, I just keep and
Gwenevere Abriel: This could be an opportunity to teach a young person real early what that is. How are you feeling well. There's different feelings. There's how the body feels. Usually it's like we can tell whether we're anxious because our hearts racing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Our palms are sweaty our muscles are tense. That's the one. People like kids can find we know and we're mad.
Gwenevere Abriel: We know, and we're happy who usually know when we're hungry. That's a good body when to
Gwenevere Abriel: We know and we have a sore muscle, we know and we spring something so when we use the word feeling sometimes it's nice to say, you know what I'm going to distinguish the word feeling I'm going to be talking about our bodies.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm going to say, emotions, what emotions are you having what do we label the emotion you have around that feeling. Hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's another way to go about it. We can give some labels to things that kids don't normally take the time to label.
Huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, mom, what do you do when you are lonely.
Lyndsey Lorett: I have my child I N, N, you know, my children. I don't think I will ever feel lonely.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, so it just doesn't happen like it used to.
Lyndsey Lorett: Know, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know I have. I haven't felt lonely or bored. I even in a really long time.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I remember it.
Lyndsey Lorett: Oh yeah, I remember it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I can remember unconsciously eating just my wife. I said, I'm still eating. Why does it taste good anymore. Why we're still doing this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, yeah. Okay, so for her this conversation with mom is, you know, reinforce the activities.
Gwenevere Abriel: But also might be part of let's let's name. What's going on normal like normalizing it you know what Sophie. Sometimes we eat when reports. Sometimes we eat, we eat our feelings.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that isn't gonna make the body. Now you might say it in kid language make somebody happy but us. It's going to be satiate it won't
Gwenevere Abriel: Meet the need. So in kid language. Right. That isn't what the body wants body might want you to go do something interesting.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're you're you're busy it with walking to the fridge and finding. Is there another great flavor.
Gwenevere Abriel: I really like grape flavor, but that's not going to keep the mind really going it wants to be kind of concentrated in it loves new things. By the way, the mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: New so let's let's give it what it wants. Now, sometimes it's tired, you know the difference of when you're bored. You're tired or lonely. Whoo. Let's get into that new ones. How would you know the difference.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well maybe we don't even know.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah, I don't know. Well, no, I
Gwenevere Abriel: Tired.
Lyndsey Lorett: I am
Gwenevere Abriel: Ricky one sometimes retirement get short tempered or there's little signs for different people, or we can't find words like oh I know I'm tired when
Gwenevere Abriel: I usually when I opened my eyes and look around the room. I'm like, I can assess what everybody's doing what everybody's doing it, I can do it instantaneous and I noticed my brains, like with
Gwenevere Abriel: It fires like good so I'm like, oh, I know I'm tired when my brain doesn't fire as fast. I can't find my words as fast
Gwenevere Abriel: And I can't really, I can't really picture what everybody's doing before I got in there and what game their plan and what conversation they were having my brain just it's like it's I'm sort of in molasses and syrup or honey.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that could be one. So it's an opportunity to kind of teach about emotions and how we feel them.
Lyndsey Lorett: Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Give them names and then give it what it really wants right we can never get enough of what we don't need. So we give it what it really what it really wants
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, yeah, we're cooked up probably
Gwenevere Abriel: Making ourselves go outside is going to be the way just audit. I just got to get out that sun. We do need sunshine. We do need it.
Lyndsey Lorett: Do
Gwenevere Abriel: And same with food. It isn't just our taste buds are taste buds are there. Okay, so that we remember to eat. We don't forget, and so we don't starve and die. Those
Gwenevere Abriel: That's why they're there is they make it yummy. Maybe she's not gonna know about domain, but it does get a little tiny reinforced eat something yummy something salty something sweet because it wants you to keep eating so you don't start
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: But the taste buds won't tell you to eat kale or your broccoli.
Gwenevere Abriel: It probably
Lyndsey Lorett: sneak it in with something that tastes good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Leave me. I know, that's why we love that movie.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, all not fruit smoothie. I can't tell it in there.
Lyndsey Lorett: Thank you for that. I did, I did take a look at the situation and realize that she really is struggling not being at school not being around other children.
Lyndsey Lorett: They can't play together. You can't even go on a bike ride together and just all these things. And the only thing I could come up with was, um, I went on mine to Amazon and I ordered a bunch of crafts.
Lyndsey Lorett: Projects that she could do. Um,
Lyndsey Lorett: I got her a skip it.
Lyndsey Lorett: Up you know where you kick it and hop over it.
Lyndsey Lorett: Just thinks she can do by yourself.
Lyndsey Lorett: Now if that will help or not, we won't know but
Lyndsey Lorett: It's worth a try.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've been watching my family and listening to other families and there's a lot of online video chatting going on that won't happen in your house.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: No.
Lyndsey Lorett: She's good. Other than me when she calls videos me. She doesn't video anyone else.
Gwenevere Abriel: How come
Lyndsey Lorett: I'm
Lyndsey Lorett: How come she videos me
Gwenevere Abriel: Know how come. She's not gonna kids like that face time thing, or Google something something
Gwenevere Abriel: We could be doing like little scavenger hunts that could be doing games together socializing, but like in play. But playing the same game but online.
Lyndsey Lorett: So not a video game.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, but in here like this.
Lyndsey Lorett: Oh, I didn't know that you could do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why not. I mean, so picture. We're here like this.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I could either
Gwenevere Abriel: Be
Gwenevere Abriel: You could be looking at a game here we could both be looking at an online game that's another alternative. I could be sharing. Let me see if I can do this thing where is my manage participants.
Gwenevere Abriel: Share screen. That's it. I can do whiteboard. So then I can do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi.
Lyndsey Lorett: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: And I can draw I draw
Gwenevere Abriel: So I could do
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, I know this is oversimplify but I could play. Hang man, really quick.
Lyndsey Lorett: You could, could you
Gwenevere Abriel: I could play tic tac toe, we could pick her board here somehow I'm sure if we put our minds to we could come up with creative ways to play. I just haven't really sat down and kind of made myself do it, but this is what I'm coming up with now.
Lyndsey Lorett: I'd like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And little scavenger hunts. There's educational scavenger hunts online, you could do her in a little friend could start like okay let's do this together.
Gwenevere Abriel: We've got 10 minutes you go find these things. I'll go find these things. On your mark, get set, go. Could have a group of kids doing that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe developing you know friendships that maybe there might be some blossoming invite some kids that don't normally would connect with. But we explore something like that.
Lyndsey Lorett: Don't let that mean going. But how do you do, how do you connect the children.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, OK.
Lyndsey Lorett: I will text them the mom or called the mom or dad. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you would go to your zoom app.
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh. When I had a little night ladies night in on last Friday and I had to do this because I was like, Well, I don't want to take my own advice.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it was great. I mean, it was a little weird, because we're all like, Well, I don't know you. You don't know me. So I took over and you know I love it. So I was like, look, I can only take this result log y'all know me, I'm going to start boss and yellow around
Gwenevere Abriel: So I was like okay let's pick a topic. Here's our talking and then it was great. After that,
Gwenevere Abriel: So I was kind of like needs to have a, like a book club kind of focus. Because if people don't know each other, there's not this flow.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we're normally we can GIGGLE AND TALK OVER EACH OTHER. This format, doesn't it doesn't allow for this kind of cross talking
Gwenevere Abriel: That a dinner table will will offer you know where you go here and then this person hears across the table. Like it doesn't work quite as fluidly so there's more weight than talk. And I'm like, oh, let's get going.
Lyndsey Lorett: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: So you go, you go. Go into zoom. See, we go into zoom
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, make sure I'm saying it correctly. And then I'll
Lyndsey Lorett: Just tell me, I'ma write it down as you tell me
Gwenevere Abriel: He's like, get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Correct. See if I'm doing it, maybe it's in settings.
Gwenevere Abriel: I did it before and he's joining
Gwenevere Abriel: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Creation is personal require meetings host participant video advanced options now all I can say at this point is there was a little spot on here that was invite
Gwenevere Abriel: And what happened was, um, gave me an option.
Gwenevere Abriel: It was like, yeah, invite and then it gave me like, Well, do you want to do it through a text message. Do you want to do it through an email. I can't text.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then I'll pop my contacts and then there's a mom's name and there's mom's name, and I would send it, and then it had this number of the 765 number two. Um, I would do it to you if I could find that option. So it's probably that. See how I'm here my hosting, here it's not on my phone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, when I was doing it. This is where I was logged in. Right now, I'm guessing on here.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's my guest. And so now it doesn't given given me the option.
Lyndsey Lorett: That I know it's there. I can get on and
Lyndsey Lorett: Figure it out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me see if it's tenuous. Wait, let me see if I got it, my backup. See if I can do it again. I'm pretty sure it's under the word meetings.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think that you goes up.
Gwenevere Abriel: You hit a think this word down here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Meetings.
Meetings.
Gwenevere Abriel: Meetings and then look at this. See how it has my, my main number
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, it gives me
Gwenevere Abriel: Send invitation button right there right at the top. It's like there's buttons and one right there. So I hit send invitation. Then, there it is. Look at my choices.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, text email or Copy to Clipboard.
Gwenevere Abriel: So then I get a message and it pulls up all my peeps on my phone. Send it and I do it again send it off again.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then all they do. Now what I told my friends is they said, listen, yo goes I'll tell you why later.
Gwenevere Abriel: Cope with zoom on your phone. Wow, okay. They go and do it. And then I'm like, Okay, well, it's gonna be easy. Don't get yourself all complicated with it just hit this link, when I send it to you. And they were fine. So just, it seems overwhelming, but our kids know a lot
Lyndsey Lorett: They do and they think that everyone is getting familiar familiar your I don't know familiar with the zoom app.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think so too. I
Gwenevere Abriel: Think
Gwenevere Abriel: It's all over the place. So yes, could be fun could do scavenger hunts, you could do some kind of like little drawing together.
Gwenevere Abriel: All you know we should do. I don't know if you guys are into Pictionary. But one person could dry it. So let's say I'm drawing it and then everybody's going to try and and shout it out or you have to chat at check the word
Gwenevere Abriel: Picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or look I could even look at this, I could do watch. I could do charades.
Lyndsey Lorett: Camera
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, we can we can translate recently and kids are creative, they can come up with something
Lyndsey Lorett: I like that. Thank you for opening my mind.
Lyndsey Lorett: Because it's really important.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, shes lonely or board. This is a great time and it's been an interesting to watch my client population and I'm reminding everyone about this platform and they're expanding their ideas about how to stay connected
Gwenevere Abriel: While this is going on and it's bringing out different creative angles because now's the time you can do something really different.
Gwenevere Abriel: And kind of, you know, like the new person at the job like I should have, like, all kinds of stuff. Right now I'm brand new.
Gwenevere Abriel: So take advantage of it.
Yes.
Lyndsey Lorett: I think there's just so much to make up the situation.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah and now is a really important time to and it makes me feel horrible that shes lonely.
Lyndsey Lorett: Because we've done everything together for 10 years everything
Gwenevere Abriel: So inconvenient. The fact that these families are
Time. Oh.
Lyndsey Lorett: It's sad for the children.
Lyndsey Lorett: But what I worry about is that
Lyndsey Lorett: I know we that Sophie and I have talked about it that I didn't choose all over, over her because I'm not with her.
Lyndsey Lorett: And that we're working towards a common goal to be together as a family under one roof our own roof.
Lyndsey Lorett: Um, but
Lyndsey Lorett: I don't know where I started at
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, it's about your families have a conflict you need. I'm assuming you're with cleanse family because it's their ground, son.
Mm hmm.
Lyndsey Lorett: And it was it was a very immediate thing like Clint passed away I they came to town.
Lyndsey Lorett: To to our house and just immediately said you know you you need to come and stay with us for a little bit, till you're better and I thought it was going to be very temporary
Lyndsey Lorett: And it's gone on way too long.
Lyndsey Lorett: But I'm worried about them developing a relationship together. I am worried about how they bond. I mean we video chat, but it's not the same.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're talking about Sophie and Ali.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. Yeah, that's right.
Yeah.
Lyndsey Lorett: How their relationship will be
Lyndsey Lorett: Because she was the only child, and only grandchild for 10 years
Gwenevere Abriel: When you have so many things you could be worrying about You sure that's the one that you need to worry about right now.
Lyndsey Lorett: That the relation. My relationship with Sophie is very important to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, Sophie and always
Lyndsey Lorett: You know that will happen in time. And if we need to do some family counseling to make it the transition easier. I'm willing to do, but it's a big worry of mine.
Lyndsey Lorett: It is you're not supposed to have family split this
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't we just take a little look at how it got here. Okay. Well, I can tell this is not not what you want.
Lyndsey Lorett: No, but I can't change, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: So tell me about the I can't change. Tell me more about it.
Lyndsey Lorett: I make my parents be comfortable with Sophie being here.
Lyndsey Lorett: And I can't make Tom and Lori comfortable with me taking all over. I've never taken over on my own. I'm it since we've been in Gallup for his first three months of course we did everything I did everything
Lyndsey Lorett: They're just both very uncomfortable.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is the harder question, I'm sorry, the hard one hasn't come out yet, but here it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, why is the comfort of the sets of parents so important to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Were just
Lyndsey Lorett: Because I feel like I'm not enough the support system for that.
Lyndsey Lorett: They need their grandparents their own goals, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Why on earth would they be lost.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you
Gwenevere Abriel: brought your children under the same household, I would you lose a set of grandparents that what makes you think they would be lost.
Lyndsey Lorett: I, I know that my parents will always, always do whatever is best for us.
Lyndsey Lorett: Um, but I do know that if I were to take all of her and move out. Um, it wouldn't be good for the in laws.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that's an understatement. What do you really think will happen.
Lyndsey Lorett: They've already said will take you to court. If you leave with Oliver.
Gwenevere Abriel: When did this into
Lyndsey Lorett: Our very first argument. So it was around sep tember that I finally stood up for myself and it just went bad so quickly. I mean literally in a snap it went from okay let's talk about this to find will take over will take you to court for all over. I mean, in seconds.
Lyndsey Lorett: And I don't understand. That's like the lowest, you can go to see
Lyndsey Lorett: Some, like that. And it went there so quickly.
Lyndsey Lorett: But I do know that my heart that I haven't done anything that a judge would say, can't you can't beat this person's mother. I haven't, but just the fact of being taken to court, just, you know, being a custody battle, not even with the parent. It's the grandparent in laws.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Man, you're in a pickle.
Lyndsey Lorett: All I can do is not not worry and focus too much on it. Just know that when the band is lifted, I will have surgery and I can return to work.
Lyndsey Lorett: Like a new like it just makes me feel normalized people are not supposed to not work. I don't think so.
Gwenevere Abriel: The band talking about is the governor's order to stay home.
Lyndsey Lorett: And that all elective procedures are to be cancelled for the next three months.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so this has nothing to do with you, facing your worst fear of going to court.
Gwenevere Abriel: This has to do with I need to demonstrate that I'm working in case someone brings me to court.
Lyndsey Lorett: No, I just want if it will. Yes. In case. But I want to be able to stand up and say, I am the working mom. The single mom that I been for 10 years just now with another child.
Lyndsey Lorett: And that will work and provide for these children.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you have to defend yourself. You want to have the added
Gwenevere Abriel: Clarity and confidence with working
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah, because you can't just say I'm going to move out with my two children, and I don't have a job and
Lyndsey Lorett: I'm, I'm not, I have haven't had surgery.
Lyndsey Lorett: By default, that
Understand
Gwenevere Abriel: And all I'm doing is just playing devil's advocate right here. But let's just watch the difference because I'm trying to see the difference. This is you, your gratitude.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're over here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Lori and Tom, I think.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, and Ali. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But then
Gwenevere Abriel: You and
Gwenevere Abriel: Ali. Did you do well now you're on with to grandparents, who's helping you while you're unemployed, baby. Still, baby.
Gwenevere Abriel: But then girls go over here.
Gwenevere Abriel: To another set of parents also not working, still a baby. What's the actual difference
Lyndsey Lorett: Of the two households.
Gwenevere Abriel: So from a judges perspective, watch.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, we're here. She was dependent. He is dependent
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh. Now over here. I'm gonna judges perspective. What's the difference between these two homes.
Lyndsey Lorett: There's a safety issue. Yeah, my parents house would be better.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really
Lyndsey Lorett: Tell me, there's, there's just some safety issues that Tom and Lori's it's um
Lyndsey Lorett: They've got all kinds of wood antique furniture and she's got breakable plates, she collects and he can't go anywhere. He can't, you know, move like a little boy.
Gwenevere Abriel: We are almost to my point. Let me see if we can get there. You came from, but I never thought about the one you just came up with.
Gwenevere Abriel: If I'm, I'm the judge your receipt make them bigger. You guys are over here. Laura and Tom's
Gwenevere Abriel: You're unemployed, which is true. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, maybe
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's two sets of grandparents over here on this side. But then, now watch. I'm watching, I'm the judge and I go, so let me get this straight to YouTube. We're here and now you're
Gwenevere Abriel: Here. So Lori and Tom. What's your complaint again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Lauren, Tom, what, what's your, what's your complaint again.
Lyndsey Lorett: It will always be about his safety. We are worried about all of our safety.
Gwenevere Abriel: But look, this is what I see.
Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: What, what do I see, I see. Grandparents here supporting you, that are dependent right now I see grandparents here. So what is their position on safety. I don't know what their argument is, I can't see it yet. What is it,
Lyndsey Lorett: Mainly the
Lyndsey Lorett: Giving him a bath.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, okay. So over here, you're so Papa and Me. Me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Yeah, give him BASS, IS THAT RIGHT.
Lyndsey Lorett: They could, you know, they could
Gwenevere Abriel: They will
Gwenevere Abriel: They will. So what am I making that up.
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Okay. Okay.
Lyndsey Lorett: What you're saying that he's we're getting the same thing, but maybe in a healthier environment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, the judges perspective when I'm looking at what the complaint is you didn't move into a car in move into a hotel you continue to reasonably
Gwenevere Abriel: Reasonably assess your continued dependence and use the resources available to the same type of resources over here.
Gwenevere Abriel: As over here, except this one's pissed because it's their grandson just doesn't seem
Gwenevere Abriel: Like
Gwenevere Abriel: No, just I'm trying to, if I'm the judge. I want to look at facts. That's why I'm, I'm just trying to hear something so I'm like Tom and Lori, why are we here today. I don't understand.
Gwenevere Abriel: They are in good care with these grandparents, as they were with you. Why was your complaint not made about safety, then
Gwenevere Abriel: Why now, when she's now over and you've almost. Have you been depriving them of their right to their equal grandson. I'm confused because I don't quite understand what the complaint is
Lyndsey Lorett: Yet they don't really have one when you stated like that. There isn't one.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's why I'm wondering if your fear.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is was keeping you tracked
Lyndsey Lorett: Mo for her and I don't want to hurt anyone in my actions and I don't understand why we can't just come to the table and say,
Lyndsey Lorett: We will always he will always visit you guys, he will always have time with you guys, but it's just not good for us this environment is not good for me and I can't give Ali what he needs in an unhealthy environment.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not understanding why people do dysfunctional things may lead you to feeling like a basket case and your daughter feeling lonely. Those are the. Those are some hard things to hear
Gwenevere Abriel: I bet are not easy for me to say.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that's what's at stake. Am I wrong. No.
Lyndsey Lorett: Here, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. I know. Nobody wants to hear that stuff. But when you see it played out like that. It's like, what can these people say except
Gwenevere Abriel: Say whatever nonsense louder. It doesn't have any more value just because they're yelling it and when it's on paper, they can't call you. They can say she's in on fit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mother, I said it. That's right. I said it in here. They can say whatever they want to, but if you sit and you keep saying, How could someone be so mean I'm such a good mom. They don't care a flying on fit mother about that they want that baby right there.
Lyndsey Lorett: They don't want him.
Lyndsey Lorett: God, that's all they have left. He's a distraction to them from their own grieving.
Lyndsey Lorett: onto him like he's Clint, and he's not
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not your that is their grief to go through and it has got you in the middle, just like those tangled a little guts of yours outside your body that's how it feels. I bet.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can opt out. And it's risky and I know it's your escape, but look what's at stake. You are about to go crazy for them.
Gwenevere Abriel: For what they're not grieving, they're not being honest with themselves. It's doing you crazy making it's not bringing you know BRINGING YOUR DAUGHTER AND YOUR SON. Now let's look at it again. Here I am, the judge and I'm scratching my head like this. I'm like, Tom.
Gwenevere Abriel: And Laura. I don't quite understand what are you doing to mitigate the rupture in the bonding relationship between these two siblings.
Lyndsey Lorett: Oh, they'll, they'll blame it on my parents.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, Papa, and he need
Lyndsey Lorett: What they will
Lyndsey Lorett: Allow Sophie to come spend time with us, but they won't let all the Virgo spend time with them. They're both stubborn stubborn stubborn grandparents.
Okay.
Lyndsey Lorett: And there's, it's
Lyndsey Lorett: There's not an immediate solution to that and there are just certain boxes that I would like to check
Gwenevere Abriel: On here. You and I heard it. I want to be employed, you want to really have your footing in here that. Yeah, I get it, I get the logic behind it. What I just did was try to give just some other perspectives, so that you can see that you your see i wanted i want to check those boxes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not that you're helpless to. But if you want to be on purpose with this escape route. Yeah, you know, okay, I'm on board with you on on board with you but you be a basket case, would you question your reality. I'm not on board.
Lyndsey Lorett: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: To do that you decide to wait this out on your terms you're going to sit with live with crazy around you, doesn't mean you go crazy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, because it's in the service of I need another month
Gwenevere Abriel: And one of your. How do I survive this craziness. I'll help you. Plenty of people are still living with crazy and trying to stay sane and they're coming in here. They go to group and they hear honesty.
Gwenevere Abriel: They hear about self growth. They hear about the soul to hear about authenticity and it feels good. They're like, okay, I remember who I am again. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, keep off that ugliness ready to face another week okay I'm amen
Gwenevere Abriel: Amen. Okay.
Lyndsey Lorett: Okay. All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm gonna I'm gonna pace with you. I just wanted to see, for sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: What you were imagining a judge would see wanted to know what one sides argument might be over another. Maybe they have something against you, that maybe it would come up. If we had done this little antic but I didn't hear anything.
Lyndsey Lorett: No, they have no valid valid complaint for a judge to hear
Lyndsey Lorett: He's been her way more in their care than he's never been hurt in my care. So
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, well, and nobody else is probably going to say this to you. So I'll do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You might want to keep track of that.
Lyndsey Lorett: Oh, I
Lyndsey Lorett: We have doctors stuff. Yeah.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I hate because you like to see the goodness and people. How can someone be mean because we're afraid we're mean
And rang.
Lyndsey Lorett: Ugly. It doesn't have to be agree.
Gwenevere Abriel: And believe me, I would if you told me meet with Lori and Tom and they were willing to do family therapy on your gal show up there and all battle it out with 1010 people I'll go in there. I'm not afraid I might be small but I'm strong okay i'm not i'm not daunted
Lyndsey Lorett: Okay, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got to be able to sit down, or at least get on a zoom in or somewhere in some room and be able to talk. I can do whatever you want. I'm on your side.
Gwenevere Abriel: always will be.
Lyndsey Lorett: Okay, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that other stuff was just, I'm just teasing. Some things out just to see if we're in irrational fear mode. If you're, you still have access to logic, just wanted to check in, because I couldn't see it. I was like, I don't know, is there some ensure enough. There's just this piece around
Gwenevere Abriel: Both sets are being kind of stubborn, you really don't want to shine the light on that. It sounds like
Lyndsey Lorett: No, I mean,
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah, no, look, it's an argument that won't be resolved.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, they'll, they'll end up continuing
Gwenevere Abriel: moving it forward. Instead of saying, Okay, let's just let's all find a way to work together, they'll find more reasons to
Gwenevere Abriel: Get angry at each other and that's unfortunate. Okay, well you know you know your audience. That's good.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Waiting for the order to be lifted.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes, unless it hasn't happened in a year and a half, but maybe it'll become
Lyndsey Lorett: Like twisted or something in there and I'll need emergency surgery.
Gwenevere Abriel: Much. Okay.
Lyndsey Lorett: Who hopes for that. That's
Gwenevere Abriel: Only you
Gwenevere Abriel: So it feels good for you to come in here feels good to go into group.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what does it feel like to be around Ali, you're on.
Lyndsey Lorett: I just, I'm not that I wasn't before but I just enjoy every moment with him. He's not a cranky, baby.
Lyndsey Lorett: It's he's just the best just the best. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, what about these other pieces of sometimes you'll remind me, and you'll say, you know, there are other things I need to work on, there are these other things.
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to touch on what those other things are one of those other things.
Lyndsey Lorett: I think one of the the sexual abuse in my life is just
Lyndsey Lorett: Insane.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my goodness.
And
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you notice it comes up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like at least the feeling of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: A lot. A few times a
Gwenevere Abriel: Week, how often
Lyndsey Lorett: I'll have dreams I have dreams about it or
Lyndsey Lorett: Because it happened for so long and my childhood when my children do something that I did. I remember it, and am thankful. They are not going through it, you know.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to go into
Gwenevere Abriel: Your psychosocial and see what you told me back then.
Gwenevere Abriel: Make sure we are actually have it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Feel like you may have mentioned it, but ever so briefly.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah, I don't even know if I came right out and said it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes people just say it. And then I say, okay, was it reported and then we move on and I say whether also, are you a sexual survivor of a rape and assault and I move on, it doesn't, you don't stay long.
Lyndsey Lorett: Will that so the hard part for me was this the sexual abuse for my older brothers started at age six and it didn't end until I was 13
Lyndsey Lorett: And it took that long for me to stand up and say, no, I literally slam the door, and I said, I'm your sister. You cannot do this to me anymore and I slammed the door unlocked it
Lyndsey Lorett: And it took a lot for me to do that.
Lyndsey Lorett: Just two years later.
Lyndsey Lorett: I was babysitting for a family in our church and I'm the dad ended up raping me
Lyndsey Lorett: In and then he tried to make me think he was in love with me. So I wouldn't tell
Lyndsey Lorett: And then he slipped through the cracks of the prison system when he got out, he should have been deported. And then we had to relive the whole thing all over
Gwenevere Abriel: That does sound familiar and I just saw a little, a little something here. What did I write
Gwenevere Abriel: Patient reported discipline appropriately would ground her hit her with go once in your life ran away with younger brother now it's coming to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, younger brother to keep keep him safe and was gone for hours. Parents were worried I was AJ are there was around five patient described significant
Gwenevere Abriel: Is the way it's written it's pre formatted the significant part of to know what's older brother often okay described being bullied in school.
Gwenevere Abriel: Teeth every go six to 13 by older brother. He's a bully scared me and younger brother, if we said anything. We were afraid he would kill us. There it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: My younger brother was made to watch parents didn't know until
Gwenevere Abriel: Age 15 sexual abuse by a friend that's that church member babysitting. Right. That's the one. Okay. All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And it's in dreams. Yeah. Okay, gotcha.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Put together a plan around that, then
Gwenevere Abriel: You
Gwenevere Abriel: So where
Gwenevere Abriel: We could start with dream. We won't get into it today because I want a whole hour on it, treat it very gently.
Lyndsey Lorett: I appreciate that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to start something we can't fully go through all the way through. So
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to just sort of talk about it so that there's this sort of desensitization to it. This is the plan. Okay, I already know. I know what to expect. And I can say no to it. I can adjust it. You can modify
Gwenevere Abriel: So a lot of times. And yes, we can do all these other techniques. This is just one thing we could do. One of them is we can do some dream work.
Gwenevere Abriel: It can take the actual dream.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now I can see I still haven't developed an anchor room with you, which we could actually start doing today.
Gwenevere Abriel: That can be really useful in the dream work. So what do you know about analyzing dreams like when you think well what are dreams for and what do you do with them. And what's the purpose of them.
Lyndsey Lorett: I feel like it's a God gives us dreams, but I also think that Satan gives us dreams. So
Lyndsey Lorett: I don't really relate it to anything other than that.
Gwenevere Abriel: How much more important. Can it be gone insane. I mean,
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes, yes.
Lyndsey Lorett: But when you hear, I had a nightmare. And I think Satan was behind it. People are like, Oh, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, if
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not troubled by the word. It doesn't get in the way of my continuing to have a conversation. It doesn't doesn't get in the way for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because what I do with is, I'm assuming, what you're saying is evil bad and hate.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ugly dark shadow like it's all the stuff that's the yuck.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah. So that's what I do with it. I'm like okay well I I live with that. Like, that's, that's my world I'm dealing with that all the time. Okay. Got you. So okay, so I'm not daunted by that either.
Gwenevere Abriel: Obviously, it's not coming from, like, you'd say it's not coming from love.
Gwenevere Abriel: Guy okay so
Gwenevere Abriel: I think, I think, I think we'll be okay. Even with a little, little departure on some of the messages. Um, can I share a split might be a slightly different perspective on dreams with you.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes, because that would be great.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well,
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you think it's a coincidence that it happens to be. These are the types of dreams and you have this history for so many years, or do you think it's a message from either God or Satan, like it's a message like they're trying to say something gets you to do something.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah, but I don't know if it's God saying you did not deal with this properly, it's time to deal with it or Satan saying, I'm gonna just
Lyndsey Lorett: Rip you in your sleep.
Lyndsey Lorett: So you wake up angry and aren't in a good place.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah and there's no logic behind evil. It just, it feels itself like to be mean and spiteful is enough for itself. There's no logic behind cruelty. It's just to rip you is enough just to
Gwenevere Abriel: See you suffer to have you be angry.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's, that's a win for Satan. Yeah. Yep. I got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, okay, and you're trying to understand or you'd like to know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Who's the messenger. What's, what's the message, what, what's the deal here. So my part is I don't normally language it in terms of God and Satan, because I'm more of a, like a tissue chemistry like flesh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like a more psycho biology. Right. I'm like this is the vessel. I'm working with right here.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then the rest of it is belief in other and I'm like, I love the connection with the spirituality. I love that. But I want to talk about. But this since the dream is happening in here. And if God be God made this
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, assuming we both agree. God made this vessel and yours.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, not Satan
Gwenevere Abriel: That Satan Michael So about that. So I'm made out of goodness and love and light.
Gwenevere Abriel: intentions are good. Okay. My intentions are good and it is self healing vessel, it knows how to heal itself white blood cells and the whole deal and knows it's a homeostatic
Gwenevere Abriel: Entity if there's a little lever here. Why didn't this one registers. It has its little sympathetic and parasympathetic and knows how to heal itself and regulate itself.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if we both have buy in on that both agree on that. Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it maybe unconscious is that dream, because if you were conscious of it, wouldn't you say I don't want to think about that. What about what I
Gwenevere Abriel: OK, so maybe there is a buy in on conscious like right now you're conscious right you're awake.
Gwenevere Abriel: Week. I know it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then there's up time we might turn that is unconscious
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the purpose of the unconscious
Lyndsey Lorett: I don't know. You're supposed to be resting
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, why do we have to rush. Why don't we just stand up like cows and horses and just get to our Susan longer standing
Lyndsey Lorett: At all, we need that deep sleep.
Lyndsey Lorett: Why, because it is so it's just as important as the food you put in your body.
Gwenevere Abriel: So do you know we do all our healing when we're sleeping.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're our cells are regenerating we're healing while we're sleeping because look how busy. Our body is a tuning to
Gwenevere Abriel: We're all look how much work it takes like to do all of this and to be thinking it actually it's a huge muscle to be thinking, thinking, thinking, thinking, thinking, I'm using my eyes look at me using my mouth, and now I'm digesting well wait a minute, all of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: My heart rate slows down. I'm not taking in new stimulation from my eyes from my ears from my mouth from my skin.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm processing honest, I'm right doing systems check. I'm checking on everything I'm healing regenerating I have to have fast.
Gwenevere Abriel: to refuel I have to
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So part of it is going on, conscious. Why don't we sleep when we're still conscious. Why can't we sleep when we're still conscious
Lyndsey Lorett: Because you're still thinking you're still using your ray
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, up to what's it doing back there. Now if we if we both agree that up here in this noggin, although it feels spiritual like a thought. Doesn't it feel like
Lyndsey Lorett: Does
Gwenevere Abriel: Something, but for a moment, if we just say okay I buy in that these are just it's tissue in this blob of grey goo.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if there's little chemistry things going on to these apathy around this. And, oh, I, I can't read Chinese because I never learned Chinese
Gwenevere Abriel: But, uh, wait a minute, how, what's the meaning of that character. Now I see that. Okay, so I can learn. I even as an adult, right, I can look at something I learned something neural plasticity of the brain changes. Okay. So if I'm asleep, and I'm unconscious is healing something
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe what's
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah, no. That makes perfect sense.
Gwenevere Abriel: What if
Gwenevere Abriel: It's trying to heal itself. What if it's trying to reconcile something that you know there's different parts of the brain. They literally you don't do all your thinking.
Gwenevere Abriel: In the amygdala, right, I mean they literally just they're different parts of the brain. It's not actually one big blob.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes. No. And they do. Yeah. Different things happen or
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep. So what if
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a part that got stuck. And it's not integrated into the rest. And it's kind of lost off and it's off here off to the side all by itself.
Gwenevere Abriel: But a body wants sin tonic. It wants to be homeostatic with itself. It doesn't want an alien part in its own vessel, does it
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no, it wants. What do I do. What's that, what's, what's that, what's this, why is this over here. Just connect with this disconnected to this one. What's that, and so maybe the unconscious says
Gwenevere Abriel: Was that okay oh has all of this attached sort of a middle attachment to it. That's that anger. That's all of those feelings and then once again. All we have is that emotional experience of this blob of memory you wake up to it, you're like even more pushing away.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. No. Push your wing
Gwenevere Abriel: It was yucky, then it's yucky. Now, now it's anger. I don't, I don't want it. So even more just reinforces pushing it away. And that's where the therapist, the cheerful spunky therapist comes in.
Gwenevere Abriel: And says,
Lyndsey Lorett: True. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's nothing wrong with you. There's nothing broken. There is no evil.
Lyndsey Lorett: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's no evil in you. Okay, you're pushing away really really confusing. There's this thing that happened. That makes no sense to a six year old. It has no way to put a language and story. It has no summary.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sits there.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is that there's no landing. There's no. What is that right, so it has no proper timestamp. It's kind of this nebulous thing. So what therapy can do
Gwenevere Abriel: We can get it in the past, we can desensitized to it. We can reprocess. And when I say reprocess because that's a weird word disciple. What exactly does reprocess mean. It means you have a different relationship to that.
Lyndsey Lorett: Oh, that would be so great.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't you think
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes, yes, it's the box that has the lock on it when it's the box that is not open
And
Lyndsey Lorett: I guess it depends on who I'm talking to, but
Lyndsey Lorett: Because I've answered. So many questions about it. I can talk about it and and not trigger things
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, okay. So you really do have it locked
Lyndsey Lorett: Oh, I really do have it locked
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Well, that might be cool. I don't know. Let's see. I don't know if it's intruding
Gwenevere Abriel: Into your dreams because it wants to be felt, meaning it grieved, meaning I need to feel it. Someone else need to see
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not alone. And right here, you're here with your therapist. We're going to bring it up. We're going to feel that emotionally and be okay. Oh, hey, it's not happening now, it was back then it
Gwenevere Abriel: Was yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. So that's what that would be. But we don't do it quite like that. I like to do it a little like through a little bit more imagery kind of thing. We use the imagery of whatever's coming up. And one way we can incorporate this anchor room.
Lyndsey Lorett: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wait, this safe space. What would kind of like to do some preparation with that with you. I know we only have nine minutes. But I can get started with you a little bit
Lyndsey Lorett: Sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I wonder why day the little boxes didn't make it into this note with all those boxes you had that so bizarre on the shelf. I gotta check your notes and see where they are the land, but let's start. Let's start this
Gwenevere Abriel: Since you said you don't get emotionally activated around looking at the Lockbox and understanding what's in it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think I get it is set my sexual abuse history. That's the dilemma. Right.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes, and I think that I don't get triggered with it because
Lyndsey Lorett: I never really processed or dealt with it. Um, and so I refuse to allow myself to feel something.
Lyndsey Lorett: Or react to it.
Lyndsey Lorett: I mean a six year old doesn't know how to process that. And a 15 year old still doesn't know how to process that.
Gwenevere Abriel: No. And let me clarify even more around that typically the
Gwenevere Abriel: Other way say this
Gwenevere Abriel: You're probably solving the dilemma that confusion.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like a six year old.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know that seems really weird. But when the problem happened when the trauma. When the assault when the violation happened. You had a six year old brain development and you came up with this year old solution, which was shush.
Gwenevere Abriel: Be afraid.
Gwenevere Abriel: And intimidated and it took quite a bit for you to stop using a six year old solution, a lot. And finally there something snapped, something happened where this 13 year old was finally able to come up with a more to slam the door and say no.
Yeah.
Lyndsey Lorett: And actually, when I talk about slamming the door that does bring up. I remember, like, I feel what I felt when I slam the door.
Gwenevere Abriel: So would you say the dilemma. When you say my sexual abuse history is the problem, like here today is the problem. I never dealt with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or something like
Gwenevere Abriel: I've never had an orgasm, or I'm disgusted by men or or you see it could be anything. I have no idea what the dilemma is in and of itself, it's three words sexual abuse history doesn't have any like, but some imagery comes up for you that's like, I don't know what the real is it
Gwenevere Abriel: was watching you. Now is it your fear about the future. Is it that
Gwenevere Abriel: These images of things that he did keep coming in intruding into your unconscious. I can't quite tell, is it the past is it present triggers is a fear of the future.
Lyndsey Lorett: I think I think it might be a little bit of of some of that I think
Lyndsey Lorett: I
Lyndsey Lorett: Intentionally have chosen not to be in a relationship or sexual relationship where I can explore because I am uncomfortable.
Lyndsey Lorett: Um,
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, well, we're going to leave it right there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Not a lot. And what we'll do is next time. What I'd like to do is all kind of explain to you what developing a and it's a safe space is what an anchor room is it's going to be this room where you have everything that you need that you want. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay that's got a happy ending.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you know that's what we have to look forward to, not something negative, but rather, we're first going to cultivate this really great experience.
Lyndsey Lorett: Okay, and what are we doing the same time next week.
Gwenevere Abriel: To keeping me on task.
Lyndsey Lorett: I
Lyndsey Lorett: Wanted to get it before you go.
Lyndsey Lorett: Oh, and I did have another question.
Lyndsey Lorett: I have a
Lyndsey Lorett: Couple like Dr. Questions for Dr. Gabriel, but we don't have one on ones in group.
Lyndsey Lorett: Do you get a one on one with Dr. Gabriel after the first time.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can schedule a meeting with her. We don't want it to be on the same day as a group or individual with me. You can either email her. You can go through the virtual clinic and say, hey, can you schedule something they know her schedule. They can plug you in
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, if it's brief, you can say, hey, I'd like to speak with you alone right at the end and then you can meet with her there. If it's a little
Lyndsey Lorett: Thing what what's considered brief like a five minute thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Or, guess what, you know, else
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know if you can see on your screen. But there's a thing called I'm gonna see if I can invite you to do one. See where it says breakout room.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, I just invited you to a breakout room, I think.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: He might do that. I might say a doctor brielle Lindsay has mentioned, or you may say, hey, I'd like to meet with you in a breakout meeting. Is this good timing Dr rail, you can come back to the group.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you're done, then what you do is you cyber it's so cool. You go off to this just you to sitting in a, you know, zoom room together.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. And then, and then she'll remind you, and say, don't forget to return back to the group. Then she you come back if you hit the button mean come back and then she comes back and then everything's
Lyndsey Lorett: Oh, okay. That would be good.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's how the breakout rooms.
Lyndsey Lorett: Breakout K schedule a breakout
Gwenevere Abriel: And all you don't even have to, you could just say it in the meeting, say, hey, if you have time. Can we go into a breakout meeting during group while it's happening.
Lyndsey Lorett: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so let's pick a time you and I
Gwenevere Abriel: So right now I'm booked from, you know, 8am.
Gwenevere Abriel: So on Wednesday. Right now what I have, I have 7am OPEN AGAIN APRIL 15 and that is your best bet.
Lyndsey Lorett: Let's do it then.
Lyndsey Lorett: 7am
Gwenevere Abriel: April 15 at seven.
Lyndsey Lorett: Got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, well, I'll see you in group.
Lyndsey Lorett: Right.
Lyndsey Lorett: All right. When bye